166: Age/Gender Recognition Demo (#264)
insight-platform/Savant: samples/age_gender_recognition/README.md

> # People detection, tracking and face blurring (PeopleNet, Nvidia Tracker, OpenCV CUDA)

Reviewer: Bug!

Author: Fixed

A pipeline that uses [Yolov5face](https://github.com/deepcam-cn/yolov5-face) model to detect faces. 

> The model detected faces and 5 landmarks (eyes, nose, mouth). Landmarks are used 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A pipeline that uses [Yolov5face](https://github.com/deepcam-cn/yolov5-face) model to detect faces and 5 face landmarks (eyes, nose, mouth). Landmarks are used 
```

> to calculate the face orientation and preprocessing face image for age/gender model.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to calculate the faces orientation and preprocess face images for age/gender model.  
```

> Age/gender model estimate age and gender for each face and add this information to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Age/gender model estimates age and gender for each face and add this information to 
```

> the object metadata. The pipeline uses Nvidia Tracker to track face.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the object metadata. The pipeline uses Nvidia Tracker to track faces.
```
